x Add logging; log trades and book entries to console

x constrain orders to single item, improved price (in interface?)

x      show my orders and holdings; allow entry of price: buy 1
x      no marketmaker or marketowner display
x      constrain to improved price

x display contents of order book
x   4: Generate display of order book
x   4: send display to user page

x Dynamically update page
x     pubsub

x Show history of prices and order book
x   3: retain history
x   4: display history of prices and orders

x Make an updating current price list

x Trading against self produces 0/100 trade reports

x 4: send personalized messages
x 2: display user-specific session-stable message in html

x My outstanding orders are upside-down
x buy offers are upside down

x move "Offers to buy" label to bottom of dynamic book display

x empty orders display as 0 or 100

x handle state transitions for experiment in Java
x send event after self-dealing

x in javascript:
x   clear strip chart and orders for new round
x   post scores
x   allow judges to enter price guess

x Automatically create a claim and setup accounts from a config file
x  3: create a claim from a config file
x  3: create accounts from a config file
x  2: setup accounts from a config file

x Label the chart y axis with prices

x Separate sell and buy order input forms; GRO radio button.

x Judges enter a judgement, preferably with a slider.

x Each player sees his payoff at the end.

x display user's status: cash, tickets, earnings
x   3: generate display

x 3: initial accounts include money, coupons

x Build a timer for the experiment.

xSession knows the url.  It should be updated from a config file.
xconfiguration of pubsub server location:
x    publishing in java,
x    subscribing in javascript

x self-dealing doesn't update outstanding offers.
x My outstanding orders aren't updated when my offers are accepted

x Display user-specific session-stable messages
x   2: read message from config file

x add warnings (self dealing, out of range orders, etc.) to user messages
x    Out of range orders are rejected silently
x      (logged to UserError, but not reflected to the user)

x state Interlocks:  don't start next round until scores are computed.
x   (Compute scores automatically if the experimenter forgets.)

x Create a login screen

x hide the bids and asks for historical strips.

x Add time remaining (on left side?); move current round there, too.

x Labels:
x    score box should say "earnings".
x    balance/holdings box should say "holdings"

x verify that traders can't buy when their cash is zero.

x Look at all Logger creations; ensure that all loggers go to a logfile.
x    Currently UserError seems to be getting lost.

xx Tell the experimenter if pubsub is down when initializing services.
xx  (I think the server can tell, though the javascript can't.)
xx It turns out that the server can't easily tell, either.
xx org.mod_pubsub.client.command.BaseCommand.executeMethod swallows exceptions

x Traders should be able to rescind their own orders

x Allow traders to accept the current bid or ask (if it has already been
x accepted or rescinded this should do nothing.)

x Accept best bid/ask
x   3: generate control to accept displayed bid/ask

x 3: Order Book Display allows deletion of user's own order

y Judges should be able to see projections for scoring assuming
y various possible outcomes.

x If both buy and sell order input boxes are entered, the code doesn't
x    do anything clever.

x Shouldn't be able to rescind an order when the market is closed.

x Users (of the GMU experiment) should not be able to have negative
x holdings.  They probably shouldn't be able to enter orders that
x would take them below zero.

x Show only total earnings for participants.

x Don't let Judges score early.

x Log events to a file and allow experimenter to download.

1: an hour; 2: a half day; 3: one day; 4: 2 days; 5: bigger than that

x A-3: Ensure all data reaches log at session end.  (currently, some data
x is omitted.)

x A-3: Change the way price orders are displayed in the log.  (Ideas/LogData)

x A-2: Log Judges' estimates and traders' scores

x A-2: Log and report to experimenter on config file load.

x B-3: regularize money display.  Bids in cents, cash: dollars, scores: weird

x B-3: Manipulators should have two hints, price and bonus

x B-4: tell the Judges and Manipulators the basis for their scores.

x C-1: move "curent round" and "round is finished" above the strip chart.
    Make "finished" be RED or BOLD

x 2: Strip chart labels display at different heights on different machines.

x decrement the timer in javascript

C-4:  Some login security so users can't see one another's accounts

x all POSTs (at least ones on pages that will be refreshed autonomously)
x      should result in redirection.

x 4: account security

x   The Judges screen did not disable when we started a new period

x 2: Before the first round starts, traders have cash but no tickets

x 1: disable order entry and acceptance between rounds  (blank the display?)

x 2: disable the accept buttons when no orders are present.

x Configurability:
x   drop Price Bettering Rule
x   binary assets in addition to unary ones

x Strip Chart doesn't grow cleanly beyond initial width.
x The Chart will fill up
?display horizontal scrollbar for stripchart when full?

x display error messages to the Experimenter 

x3:(C)CarryForward requires a different scoring calculation.  Earnings
x    should be added to cash, not to score.

x update license info for hibernate, hsql, jfreechart, cewolf

x 5:Persistence

x persistent accounts
x order deletion
x Add copyright notices to hbm.xml files.

x  When the judge submits an estimate, the submit button should be
x  disabled.

NSF mis-reported as self-dealing.  (masked by budget constraint in GMU UI.)

xIf no judge has entered a score, the experimenter can't continue.
x   The experimenter should get an error message in this case, but doesn't.

x market maker transactions record price activity

x trading page should show my orders 

x Accounts page should group outstanding orders by market/claim

x display order book (5 best orders)
x chart name

x claim owner's page should be different: no orders,history, HOLDINGS.

x Show claim description on trading page

x Add markets with market makers and no book orders.
x    (implemented by Market.maketOrder() )

x login security  (password)

x Decide claim, pay off asset holders

x inconspicuously default to quantity-one.  allow quantity to change.

x display volumes

x Judges should get a minimum score of zero.

x Change INSTALL to give better hints about where to run.

x Make open orders list on account page be links.
x Link from Accounts page to markets

x Separate or mark CLOSED claims in Market list.

x add documentation to explain new market creation page.

x If the marketMaker doesn't have enough money, transactions fail.

x  When markets are created for a multi-maker, record open=close=original price (all positions)

+   No Judge or Manipulators
+     Multiple trader types with configurable initial cash and shares
+     Change scoring phases (don't wait for judge)
+   Configurable labels:
+	   "Your clue", "shared Message", "total asset value", "actual ticket value"

x prices scaled to stripchart
x log maxRange
x write overview javadoc.  Update class javadoc

x INSTALL  has inconsistent indentation.  (tabs/spaces)

